In fence categoryFor the fence with no posts the dimensioning should be like this.For fence with posts the dimentioning should be like this no need to show concrete.When the plate is added to fence it should show like in the left picture and it should show the detail of the plate like right picture on the same detail sheet to make the fabrication easy. Make section and show the details.WHEN THERE IS SLOPE FOR THE FENCE DIMENTIONING SHOULD BE LIKE THIS. Give the dimensioning like this.In the executive balcony rail the space between the bottom of top runner and top of the mid runner is 3”. From top of the top runner and bottom of the mid runner is 6”. The corner post length is 3’-9 ¾”. The mid post length is 3’-8 ¼”. From the center of the picket to the center of the picket is 4”. The center of the post to center of the picket is 4” if there is no corner post from the center of the last picket to the free end may varies depends on the length of the pannel. All this are constant in executive style. If it is custom this can vary.In the rail category I want to include something first ask which style is needed then ask give the option for the drop-down balcony rail-1 then ask for drawing number then they select all the dimensions then give the option save once they save it. Below ask for returns give 3 options return 1 return 2 none. Once they select the return give, they option to them to choose the style and dimension after saving the the return 1 give the option again return 2, none. Once they select return to give the options again for style and dimension again. Once they save it now all these 3 are one set so the main one dimension after they select balcony rail drawing number will be suppose if they give drawing number as 1 at the top then 1 is the drawing and its main mark will be 1B1 and piace marks will be common The drawings number of the return 1 will be 1R1 AND ITS MAIN MARK WILL BE 1R1 AND PIACE WILL BE USALL AND RETURN 2   will be HAVING DRAWING NUMBER 1R2 AND ITS MAIN MARK WILL BE 1R2 AND PIECE MARKS WILL . After they hit save return or none then give option for balcony 2 and same process repeat THE DRAWING NUMER WILL BE DEFUALT NEXT NUMBER 2 IN THIS CASE . 
